what's up everybody
just getting off of work a little bit
ago maybe about half an hour ago sitting
out here on the on our little back deck
patio ish kind of thing next our pool so
if you can hear water you can hear water
going
that is our waterfall that flows into
our pool
yes it's winter yes we keep it going all
year-round
just lighting up a bowl
of Boswell's best
this is probably
honestly this is probably the best
aromatics have ever had very strong
words but it's I think it's probably the
truth it's it's but it's it's flavored
with vanilla that it's vanilla flavoring
it's just a standard Cavendish blend
standard aromatic for those of you that
are not familiar with it made by Boswell
and it's really really Pleasant really
and truly is um I really like it
the only thing that's kind of catching
me off guard which I don't know if this
is just me or not but I'm kind of I'm
not like getting hit in the face with it
by sensing a little chocolate enos maybe
maybe I'm just out of my mind
I mean definitely the vanilla is there
but I thought that I would just kind of
come out here after work because I'm not
at school today so they had me work for
a guy today and so uh just got off work
so I figured I would come out here and
uh just chill
so I guess that's kind of my my my
review on the Boswell's best it's a very
very very good very good aromatic blend
I would say it's classic you can't get
much better and you can't help do it of
course this is my this is my second ball
of it the first first time I smoked it I
just was just enjoying it didn't really
think about what I was tasting at first
but before I started making this video I
lit up and started tasting some
chocolate eNOS I don't know if I am just
stupid Birds I don't know if I yeah just
makes me laugh I don't know if I ate
something earlier that kind of sparked
that I didn't have anything chocolate
earlier but anyways it's a solid blend I
guess this is technically my first
review so cheers to Boswell's best if
you've thought about ordering from
Boswell's in getting some that Boswell's
best or any possible blends i would
highly recommend it very very good blend
also North Woods is good also tried
countryside countryside I really
underestimated countryside reminds me a
lot of early morning pop by Danielle
I've not had early morning Danielle but
I've had a mixture very close to it my
local tobacconist made their version of
it and they called it a em pipe like AM
PM you know so it's got the early
morning time frame reference to it and
so I had a em pipe just kind of same
thing as early morning pop probably not
as good of quality but same you know
light you know very aired out Latakia so
light Latakia
so countryside big thumbs up
underestimated that seriously North
Woods excellent just what I thought it
would be so Boswell's best by JM Boswell
order some it's good so there you have
it for my first review overall great
blend
and on that note we'll see how very soon